you have to go to a dark place sometimes
to like get to that point
who
[Music]
we are so excited to have Lucy Hale
she's been in the spotlight since she
was just a kid stars on the hit show
Pretty Little Liars and now I'm a movie
star not what you were expecting you
might be the first real deep
conversation I've had it's dark
disgusting and scary I wish I could go
back and tell my 16 year old self buckle
up girl we're gonna go through some
foreign
[Applause]
assumption that it'll fix a bunch of
stuff what didn't it fix I struggled
with the eating disorder because society
makes it really freaking hard to like
the way you look I hated myself so much
that I couldn't even give it basic needs
like food I did not feel worthy of the
success or the career or the people in
my life and then the coping mechanisms
were like incredibly self-destructive
I've been working on getting sober since
I was 20. I just like held on to that
belief that real Lucy came out when she
was drinking I tried to change for my
mom I tried to change for my career one
of my best friends died of alcoholism
and that still didn't make me want to
get sober none of that Works alcohol
isn't the problem the problem is this
feeling inside of me I have to try it a
different way was there a Darkest Day
[Music]
I just want to start this episode with a
message of thanks a thank you to
everybody that Tunes in to listen to
this podcast by doing so you've enabled
me to live out my dream but also for
many members of our team to live out
their dreams too it's one of the
greatest privileges I could never have
dreamed of or imagined in my life to get
to do this to get to learn from these
people to get to have these
conversations to get to interrogate them
from a very selfish perspective trying
to solve problems I have in my life so I
feel like I owe you a huge thank you for
being here and for listening to these
episodes and for making this platform
what it is can I ask you a favor I can't
tell you how much you can change the
course of this podcast the the course of
the guests were able to invite to the
show and to the course of everything
that we do here just by doing one simple
thing and that simple thing is hitting
that subscribe button helps this channel
more than I could ever explain the
guests on this platform are incredible
because so many of you have hit that
button and I know when we think about
what we want to do together over the
next year on this show a lot of it is
going to be fueled by the amount of you
that are subscribed in that tune into
this show every week so thank you let's
keep doing this and I can't wait to see
what this year brings for this show for
us as a community and for this platform
[Music]
I tend to start these podcasts in a very
similar way and I think in your case
it's never been more pertinent to start
in that way which is
to understand your context I've got to
be honest I I read a lot about you
online but I couldn't really get to the
very Crux of like who you are and why
you are that way and it was really
really surprising to me because it
almost appeared that you hadn't done a
proper
slightly deeper interview before no I
think it's so interesting you word it
that way because I actually didn't know
who I was until very recently and I
think that's because and yes you might
be the first
um
real deep conversation I've had publicly
and that's part of the reason why I
wanted to do this because I'll start off
with saying I just think you're so
amazing you're obviously very
intelligent but like you lead with your
heart and I was like oh I feel like this
would be a good match for us to kind of
talk but
yeah I I think because
I I moved to LA when I was 15 and
started working pretty young that my
identity became
what I did for a living and my
accomplishments and my successes or
failures within my career space so it
took me a long time to figure out
who I was or who I wanted to be like to
people would ask me what kind of person
are you and I actually couldn't answer
it I had no idea and through a series of
um
I guess we'll call it speed bumps just
we all have our own personal journey I
have
I'm slowly like peeling away that onion
of
of who I am and it turns out like that
person's always been here I just
forgot she was there or like kind of put
her in the basement if you will but
um
but yeah it's been an interest it's been
a really powerful
last year for me
um
I will give you a heads up I cry all the
time so just I'm I'm getting you ready I
also have big eyes and they get really
glassy but I I get emotional when I
speak about these things because
I just love
where I've landed in my life and it's
been a really
um
Jesus I didn't know I'd get like
emotional this early on
um it's just been a really
powerful and painful insightful joyous
horrible journey and I um
love that I can sit across from you now
and be my most authentic self so that's
a long way of saying I'm glad to be here
and it's not is it it makes you
emotional because you're happy where you
are now
I I mean I I've always kind of felt like
an open wound if if that makes sense
like even as a kid I just felt like I
felt things in a really deep way
um you could call that maybe
codependency or
um taking on problems that weren't mine
but now I get emotional because
of the perspective and just
having pride and in the choices I've
made and
um and it's not it's not an emotional
tears in a sad way it's more just Joy
whereas I've been happy at different
points in my life but I hadn't ever
experienced joy and to me the difference
in happiness and being joyous joyous is
long-term and sustainable and it doesn't
come from anything external
comes from here and
um
and I had always heard people say that
that like true happiness comes from
yourself and I was like I don't what
what are you doing like okay shut up
like I don't know what you're talking
about but but it really does and it's
been
um
a slow grind
so let's start from the beginning then
um your context before the age of
10 years old growing up in Memphis bring
me into that world like what do I what
do I need to know about that that
chapter in your life to understand
the journey and the direction that
Journey took
um yeah so from Memphis
uh families all still in Tennessee I
have an older sister who I adore and
admire so so much
um I
mainly lived with my mom growing up my
dad's still in the picture but they were
divorced really young
and I was just what was I like as a
child I was
I think as long as I can remember I've
always felt kind of like
and I don't mean this in a sad way like
in a victim way I've always felt like I
was on the outside looking in like I
never had a lot of friends I never felt
the need to
make friends or be social like after
school I wouldn't
want to go to a friend's house I would I
would rush to get home to go be alone
with myself so I've kind of always
craved this feeling of needing Solitude
because that's when I could sort of
be myself and I felt that as early as
you know 10 years old
but um
I guess my love of entertaining
uh came from
my mom was married to this man who heard
me singing in my room when I was
probably like six or seven
I loved Aladdin I loved Disney movies
and I I vividly remember like pretending
to be Jasmine on the Magic Carpet and I
would just sing with my little tapes and
and he told my mom like Lucy's got a
good voice
and up until that point I had never you
know I was too young to even know what
being a singer meant but
that led to taking singing lessons which
led to performing around Memphis and
mind you I hated performing live like I
felt for someone who's an introvert
and someone who loves Solitude being on
stage and I'm sure we'll talk about this
later like I ended up doing music as an
adult and I still had that same feeling
I just felt so exposed and it was really
scary and I ran a little anxious
um
but anyway so I I grew up performing in
that way and then I found out what it
meant to be an actor this is probably
around age 13 or 14. and we found this
small agent who
was like Lucy should audition for this
show that Disney's doing called Hannah
Montana this was years before they cast
Miley Cyrus and it was then it was that
moment in that audition where I was
thinking oh I can act and sing at the
same time like this is my dream this is
my way out you know and um way out
I'll get yeah I'll
you're so smart yes so I I now as an
adult I'll Circle back around to it
um because you know how I said it was
hard for me to say what kind of person
am I
it was also hard for me up until
recently to to know why I wanted to be
an actor I didn't know why until
recently and I'll Circle back around to
it but um
so it was this Hannah Montana audition
which led to
knowing what a pilot season was and
pilot season for anyone listening is
when they don't really have a pilot
season anymore because of streaming and
and everything but it's when a network
pays money for one episode to see if
they want to invest in doing a series
you know what a pilot season is but um I
talked to my mom into moving out to
California and when I mean taught I
didn't talk her into it I think it was
perfect timing for her
and for me
and we packed up our Prius and all of
our stuff which wasn't a lot I come from
a very simple upbringing
and my mom was a travel nurse she cashed
in her retirement
for us to move out here and I always ask
her now I'm like how did you
how did you do that like that's kind of
insane
and she and I'm sure she has her
personal reasons too but
she was like I kind of just had this
feeling it was gonna work out for you
that also makes me cry and I also think
it's really funny because if it hadn't
worked out I'd be screwed because I
didn't graduate high school I
wouldn't know where I belonged like
I think my lucky stars that it did work
out because
um
life would would look a lot different
I'm sure
um and then so we moved to LA planning
to stay for three months at 15 and I
never left and I've been here almost 20
years
and now I guess it's a good segue into
what I meant by a way out
and I guess what I mean by that is
I never felt
I knew that life
there was not I didn't feel like home I
never knew where I fit in
um I felt I love my family so much but I
always felt like the black sheep of the
family I just felt different even as a
little kid
and um
and it's no wonder that I got into
acting because that was I was always in
my imagination like my coping mechanism
was like Dreamland in my head and like
fantasizing about what my future would
look like well if you believe in the
power of manifestation my future looked
like this
like little lucy kind of created this
this whole life for myself and I just
knew I wanted
something different you know you use the
word coping mechanism yes I'm really I'm
really compelled by that okay because I
sat with Maisie Williams
um that
was another reason why I really wanted
to do this because I thought that
episode in particular was so powerful
really moving
um
yeah that yeah I I've got chills then
just thinking about it because
and as you were speaking there was a lot
of like through lines and similarities
as to what you were saying like Maisie
really kind of lost her identity in
because she was a very young actress and
she became but also she was
in her own words using acting as a way
to escape which is almost what I heard
from from you there yes I didn't realize
it I realized now that my job completely
was and has been at times a huge
Band-Aid for a lot of issues in my life
because I have like very addictive
Tendencies and a very addictive
personality and work like a lot of
people can be such an amazing
distraction and we get away with it
because you're productive you make money
people like you it's not like a negative
addictive behavior but
it's so easy to not heal or not focus on
what's going on when you're constantly
busy and that's why after an experience
like Pretty Little Liars why everything
kind of just like you know
because for we did that show for we did
170 something episodes I was like eight
years of my life in between 20 and 28
years old
I I don't feel like I emotionally
developed in I don't know what normal is
but I feel like I missed out on
some normal experiences and
so it wasn't until that period of my
life afterwards where I realized
how I was contributing to my own
suffering and I didn't even realize the
magnitude of it until I was outside of
something like that show
in hindsight when you look back on your
younger years you talked about your
parents separating how what impact did
that have on you in hindsight any of you
you know I often think about this
because
I think it was 100 the best decision for
everyone and I
um you know you hear about so many
people staying together for the kids oh
my [__] no if my I'm so glad that my
parents separated because it was the
best thing for everyone
and why
um it wasn't a happy marriage I don't
think
you know and I I wanna
respect both of my parents and not
speak up really on that but but I do
think that
it may have been a little toxic at times
and you know I was four my sister was
six and it uh it allowed for a little
more peace and calmness and and both of
my parents are now remarried to
wonderful people and and it all worked
out but I think
um
I was
raised by a single mom for a lot of my
childhood she was
remarried for a little bit but my my dad
is now back in my life and he's given me
so many lessons I mean I think that
anything that's traumatic or painful
like I sort of just use that as
ammunition to move forward I'm like what
is this trying to teach me what has this
given me because we can look at any
experience and say and play victim
and you can I think it's okay to be the
victim when you're younger like your
teenager your 20s you it's kind of okay
to do that and part of life but I think
at some point you have to take ownership
of your life
that's why I feel like so many people
are miserable because it's you're in
victim mode
I don't ever want to be a victim of my
life or my circumstances ever
I want to be the happiest I can be and
learn the most I can possibly learn
about myself and sometimes that means
you have to go to a dark place sometimes
to like get to that point
whoo
um
[Music]
thank you I'm a crybaby
yeah that's fine
I don't even remember
thanks
these remind me of like McDonald's
napkins which makes me happy I love
McDonald's
um
expensive building they said we've run
up I love it I love it um I don't even
know what I was saying but sometimes you
have to go to a dark place
what was I saying before sometimes I go
in a trance and I just talk and only
remember what I was talking about
um oh just talking about my parents
divorce yeah I think it's so easy to
look at these experiences and
feel sorry for yourself but life is so
much more interesting and freeing and
liberating when you look at something
when you look at things that have
happened to you when you're a child and
say what beautiful lesson did I get out
of that and if we're just taking
my parents divorce as an example
the biggest lesson I learned from that
is what kind of love do I want in my
life what am I going to stand for or not
stand for and
and something I always stand by in my
life is like I'm not settling I'm not
settling and that can mean that just
means people got to meet me where I'm at
I've worked too hard to feel how I feel
today
for a jobs experiences people
relationships lovers friends whatever it
is like
gotta meet me here and it doesn't mean
you can't compromise with people that's
different
but I just allow a certain kind of thing
in my life and
um
yeah
your grandmother
got a tattoo on your left wrist oh wow
yes I I didn't I saw you pulling out
your left wrist so I just went with it
yeah I love you yes so
what role did she play
so she her name was Karen and she was my
dad's mom and my grandmother rest in
peace you amazing Soul she was the
coolest badass woman I've ever met
she taught me about things that maybe I
shouldn't have learned at such a young
age she would put on Oprah when Oprah
would be talking about
really heavy topics she put on the movie
Grease when I was a kid and that was a
movie where I'm like
I want to do that
um and I I don't know where you land
within the
medium psychic space but I've talked to
I do um I practice Reiki with
um this woman named Katie who always
senses my grandmother's energy and and
every kind of experience like that my
grandmother's energy has showed up so I
truly believe that she
is here with me but she was just
smart and she thought
differently than anyone in my family and
as an adult I can look back and think
I'm so much like her like I just I miss
her she died really young
she died of emphysema and it's shocking
I never picked up smoking because I I
told you I'm like an extremist but I've
never been a smoker because of her and
um
yeah she died in her mid-60s
she was so funny like she
she had breathing tubes on and she
smoked until the day she died still but
that just like showed you who she was
she just
was a Powerhouse and so funny
um
and I miss her I miss her all the time I
and it and it's kind of sad because
I don't have that many pictures of her
because it was before
I had a cell phone and she died when I
was 15 so
I maybe had just gotten one of those
Sidekicks or Nokia phones and I just
don't have that much tangible memories
of her you named after they right yeah
yeah Karen Lucille and uh so she
definitely lives on in me in that way
and
um
yeah that's nice to chat about her thank
you for bringing her up I was really
inspired by
um the love your mother must have had it
for you but also really the belief she
must have had in you to move to LA with
you when you were 15 I'm assuming purely
so you could pursue a career in
Hollywood at 15 years old yeah it's
totally bizarre and when I tell people
that I just have to set the tone my mom
was not a stage mom at all and by that I
mean she wasn't it was never forced upon
me I she just always
encouraged me to follow this dream which
is so incredible because you hear of so
many people where it's the opposite
where the parents are forcing a dream
you don't really want onto you and she
just instilled a lot of willpower my mom
is such a hard worker I do believe I
have my I get my drive and work ethic
from her and she's so selfless like she
would give her last penny to anyone
and just loves with her entire heart
um and my my mom and I have definitely
had our
uh
rough moments in
over the course of
our lives but we're in such a beautiful
place now where we really can show up
exactly how we are without getting
um triggered or defensive because we're
really similar in the way we approach
our emotions I guess and so we've kind
of
have butted heads at times but she's
always been my
just biggest fan and
um I have no idea how because because I
often think if I had a daughter who
wanted to do what I want to do would I
do that I don't know how do you know
it's kind of insane isn't it thanks Mom
for being insane I love you for it like
thank God
uh but
it was a risk for sure and she came and
worked as a nurse
yeah so she the only way we could afford
to live out here because as you know
cost of living is insane
um she was a travel nurse which is kind
of an agency for nurses that live across
the world and they could place her at a
hospital and they would pay for our rent
and she would make a little extra money
but I mean we were kind of Barely
getting by
barely getting by and
yeah I feel like there's always kind of
financial
worry there but we we always she always
made it work we always figured it out
and by 216 you start working in TV shows
and stuff out here in L.A yeah so the
first so this is a really cool story to
tell you because I just got back from
Vancouver but the first show I ever did
the first series was called Bionic Woman
it was a remake of a show a really
popular show from the 70s 80s on NBC and
I got cast as the little sister and we
lived in Vancouver
um in this building right by the Sea
line and then I now 19 years later just
was working up there again and I look
out the window of the building I was
living in it's the exact same building
my mom lived in and I'm like that is
just
the universe full circle it was the
coolest full circle moment of being 16
there with my mom on my first job to
everything that's transpired to me being
33 working there now it was just like
this really incredible moment but but
yeah I uh
started kind of working
supporting myself since 17 and then I
think my mom saw that I
somewhat had a good head on my shoulders
by 18 and then she moved back to
Tennessee that period between
you being 16 and 19 when you
living out in L.A predominantly
um before you know you get cast for
Pretty Little Liars how do you feel
about that chapter of your life
when you reflect on that that chapter
that 16 to 19 year old chapter
what do you think so interesting because
I actually haven't
seeing this building in Vancouver was
the first time I had thought about that
time in my life in
10 years I actually haven't sat and
thought about
I know I also feel like so much of my
memories are kind of blurry from that
time
I
it's so weird like I can't even answer
that question I think
I think I was very grateful to be in LA
and pursuing this dream but that was
kind of the beginning of it all of of
what was to come
um like I wish I could go back and tell
my 16 year old self like buckle up girl
we're gonna get through this but we're
gonna go through some [__] you know
um I and I've been open about this
before like I struggled with the eating
disorder uh most of my teen years up
until like mid-20s and it it was around
that time that it had kind of that was
like turned up to a 10 and I and it I
mean it's all in direct correlation with
moving to a new city
throwing myself into the world of acting
like I think my life kind of fell out of
control in a way and my emotions fell
out of control and
body stuff food stuff is all needing
needing to control
and um
uh so yeah I mean I guess I look back on
that time and
I have compassion now like I don't want
to say I feel sorry for myself but
I do believe in like
I mean I was a teenager but all the
inner child work where you just kind of
see that image of you young you and
really hold space for that and really
speak kindly to yourself
um
but honestly I don't really remember a
lot more and I don't know if that's
weird but it I I also feel that
similarly about my childhood I have
certain memories but
I don't know maybe I was disassociating
a lot I told you I lived in my head a
ton so
I don't know it seems like so much has
happened since then
Eating Disorders yeah how do I how do I
understand that as someone that's never
experienced um eating disorder how do I
how do I understand that is there a
moment where you've realized that
there's a there's a problem or you you
notice Behavior patterns that you think
are
um
unhealthy to say the least I think from
anything that disrupts your life or your
happiness or your relationships or your
career like
that can be described as a problem and I
think for me it was
all I thought about from the moment I
woke up until I went to bed at night how
much did I eat how much did I work out I
would step on a scale 30 times a day I
was eating so little that it was
shocking
um and it wasn't really ever about
that's a lie it was about the way I
looked at one point because I thought if
I could just be this number or this goal
weight then I'll be enough because it
all rooted back to I don't feel enough I
don't feel like enough why
um
and that's still a question I'm figuring
out because it it
um self-worth and knowing I'm enough
like where did the thought of I'm not
enough come from did I hear it when I
was a kid I don't know did I hear
something that resonated is you're not
enough maybe
um do you know who that is he he came on
my podcast he's maybe maybe the leading
therapist psychologist in the world on
like childhood trauma and and much of
the Crux of what he talks about is where
we learn this idea that we're not enough
as kids one of the things he said to me
which is still sat with me is he said to
me he goes children are narcissists he
goes when the parents arguing the child
thinks it's about them yeah and when he
said that to me I go oh my God it
explains so much sponges yeah so but we
interpret that situation like that home
life situation or whatever as like this
is about me yeah and and so now I can
look back and say maybe as a kid I
thought my parents got divorced because
of Me Maybe I you know there's a million
different scenarios so I'm certain I
learned it at a young age and
and as kids none of us come out
unscathed right like we all take on some
sort of pain and Trauma from somewhere
or someone
but mine manifested as an eating
disorder initially which then led to
other issues but it but it all started
because I always try to think when
when did it begin when did this
Obsession begin
and I want to say it was maybe around
like 13 or 14 when I had um no no like
1415 was starting homeschooling and I
had to start logging my exercise hours
and why it was for PE and you had to say
I'm do I did PE today for
x amount of time
and that's the only thing I can think of
that started this obsession with
movement and then I saw my body kind of
change and then I started restricting
eating and then it became like I said
just it slowly just grew and grew to
something that it I could not enjoy life
I could not have a conversation I could
not focus on anything it's a it's a
miracle that I even started working and
could focus on acting because it was
when I mean it was a constant loop I
don't know how I got out of it
and I I mean the thing with eating
disorders is
it can
always creep back up on you and there
are days when I don't feel like my best
self but I love myself enough now to
nourish my body and it's so sad to think
that I hated myself so much that I
couldn't even give it basic needs like
food
are you kidding me like that is so
tragic and so many people don't
understand
the space of an eating disorder because
there's a spectrum and I can only speak
from my point of view which
I mean I don't I really don't know any
woman that has a normal relationship to
their body or to food you know because
society makes it really freaking hard to
like the way you look social media is
can be a really beautiful place and
you're doing such an amazing thing with
the work you do and like changing lives
but like the social social media can be
poison I have to really limit what who I
look at what I look at and I'm a grown
adult and it feels silly but you have to
like curate your life
keep your mind and soul and spirit
feeling good
um
I always feel a little uncomfortable
talking about an eating disorder because
I'm
I'm sensitive and I know that it can be
triggering and hard for people to talk
about
food and bodies and people don't
understand how someone who objectively
as thin could think they were overweight
but and I can't explain it but that's
just what I saw and what I felt and it
and now I can look back and see photos
and think oh my God I was so I I wasn't
seeing reality
you just create this narrative in your
head that's scary and dark and
and It ultimately wasn't about the way I
looked it was about
so much more which is which is
self-worth
incredibly low self-worth and
and I really owe it to like getting out
of that
I dated a guy
for a long time who was Italian I mean
it sounds so silly it's like how did you
get help it wasn't through therapy I
didn't start doing therapy until my
early 20s for a different reason but
people always ask how did you
survive those horrible years of your
eating disorder
it was my Italian boyfriend who loved
and appreciated food and he would make
us go to dinner and I learned to enjoy
food again and it was like
each year that went by I started to feel
better and better and then I booked
Pretty Little Liars and it got a little
dodgy again and scary but I learned
other coping mechanisms that worked for
a while until they didn't
um but
but now my relationship
I never thought I could call myself a
foodie because today like I love food
that's how I experience a new city or a
culture like I just appreciate it and I
know that we need food to survive and
and I like I like and love and respect
my body too if I'm tired I rest
if I want to work out I work out I I can
just sort of navigate feeling
uncomfortable so much better these days
well you haven't given given a diagnosis
for that disorder was there ever medical
intervention yeah I did my mom
um
shortly before she moved to Tennessee
you know she recognized it was a problem
and she helped in the best way she knew
how but I'm sure as a parent she felt
helpless and felt like it was her fault
maybe
I went to a therapist only a handful of
times where
that was the first time I had heard your
anorexic
and that word just sounds so daunting
and scary but I mean I I've never been
in denial though like I've always had
I always knew it wasn't normal behavior
like I knew that my hair shouldn't be
falling out and then I knew that I
shouldn't be able to see every bone in
my body but
you get like addicted to this feeling of
controlling your own body
and um
so I kind of knew it was a problem but I
didn't know what anorexia meant until
this therapist had told me that that was
probably like age
17.
um
yeah I haven't thought about all that in
a long time too because I'm so on the
other side of it
and it's
nice
it's so nice to not have that
hamster wheel in your head about that
all the time
being in um
being in LA
being in the entertainment industry is a
I imagine a tricky place to be when
you're contending with issues of you
know eating disorders and because
because of the influence of you know
advertising and movies especially back
then
um social media Etc
I yeah I just can't yeah I can't having
never experienced an eating disorder
before but then thinking about being in
this environment
yeah
well what was interesting is that it
started before I even moved to LA the
eating disorder was for when I was like
13 before I'd even thought about you
know
before I had found success so
so I'm certain the things I've dealt
with in my life
I would have dealt with anyway it just
might be on the opposite end of the
spectrum because I think that the
reasonings behind all of these things
are those are old feelings that's old
stuff that has been ruminating
for a while
but yeah I mean this industry is at a
different point now where so many people
are accepted different types of people
different bodies everything and it's
such a beautiful
place I think the industry is heading
especially for a woman but when I was
starting out it wasn't really that way
and then I like book a show that's
called Pretty Little Liars what
it's so I'm like okay well we gotta be
pretty we gotta be little
okay well we got this and and you're
also 20 years old where everyone wants
to look a certain way like that age you
all want to look the same and you wanna
you know it just all flared up again
and it was all I thought about again you
know because I I thought I had overcome
it and then
but then it became a thing of control it
wasn't and then It ultimately it wasn't
about wanting to be pretty or little it
was about this is scary my life has
completely
shifted overnight
millions of people are seeing my face
Instagram had just started you know it
was just sort of beginning my first post
ever on Instagram was me and of season
one of Pretty Little Liars
um and it was like my life was now under
a magnifying glass
I felt out of control
uh oh I guess we gotta control the way I
look again and then I'll be enough and
then people will like me
how do my Mo for so much of my life was
how can I get people to like me
even though I hated myself
and like real confidence is
not I read my whole Instagram now is
just like silly affirmations but it
helped but I read something the other
day that's true confidence is not I hope
they like me it's some I'm paraphrasing
but not I hope they like me it's
I'm okay and know who I am even if they
don't and yeah
exactly what it is and that confidence
is what I've been searching for my whole
life and to know that and to show up
anywhere I go with anyone with new
people and say I'm accepted because I
accept myself I have value because I
value myself
you can put me in any situation anything
I truly mean this and I have the
confidence that I'll get through it
sober and happy
and it's
been one hell of a journey and I like
truly am not going to cry again
I wouldn't have changed anything I
literally would not have changed any
dark moment situation
because the perspective and empathy I've
gained from that I would not have
otherwise
so
you said I hated myself I know it's such
a strong word and it makes me sad that I
felt that way
maybe he hates a strong word I do this
sometimes too I'll say something then
I'll backtrack and try to like paint it
prettier but things are ugly sometimes
right
yeah I maybe it's more that I
didn't feel worthy of the things I had
in my life I didn't feel deserving
because a lot of my life
post success I did not feel worthy of
the success or the career or the people
in my life it was like this limiting
belief that
you're a fraud If people really knew who
you were they wouldn't like you
like you're worthless you don't deserve
this and even though
I wasn't actually saying those things
like subconsciously
that's what was happening I think
because I would keep making the same
mistakes and be like why is this
happening it's because I had this belief
that I
didn't deserve any of it
when you live with that sort of lack of
self-worth it manifests itself in a
variety of ways one of them you talked
about already which is trying to gain
control over something because then if I
can control this maybe I'll
gone are a bit of sort of self
self-worth from from the scales or the
mirror whatever it might be what are the
other ways that that manifested itself
in your life that like lack of
self-worth I've heard you talk about
people pleasing yeah but you you said
something curious a second ago you said
um that would the eating disorder was
the start of it um
and then you said you were going to go
on to say something else but yeah yeah I
mean it all kind of ties in together I
think the people pleasing is such a big
thing I've
been working through in my life because
what people pleasing does is you're
doing things that aren't authentic
you're doing things you don't want to do
what does that do well it builds anger
and resentment well then if you repress
that anger resentment then what happens
well it's going to come out some way and
for me my
like for such a small human I have so
much rage in that I've
have now sorted through but for so much
I just like bottled up that rage
and
for me
I
the coping mechanisms I discovered
worked for me were like incredibly
self-destructive and self-sabotaging and
I am
I'm not sure when this podcast comes out
and I had I've never talked publicly
until yesterday about being sober
I have a little over a year of sobriety
which you know the people in my life my
friends my family who are just the
greatest people in the world and have
stood by my side for you know I've been
working on getting sober since I was 20.
I'm 33. it takes time
it took time and it took patience with
myself
um I mean this is a topic I could talk
about until
the end of time but
basically what alcohol did for me
we did a couple of things it was like
it was like this feeling of oh my God
this is what I've been searching for my
whole life I'm my truest self right like
I'm so much funnier and cooler and
people like me that's all [__] guess
what not true I was not myself not my
truest self but
it orig it started with wow I can be
free and funny and boys will like me
this is when I'm younger right
and I just like held on to that belief
that real Lucy came out when she was
drinking
guess what real Lucy did come out but it
was that rage and pain that I had been
holding on to for so long but it also
quieted my mind
um
I feel like
and I'm not the only person on the
planet that deals with this but like my
brain just goes
doesn't shut off it's exhausting but
when I drink because I I was like
textbook binge Drinker like
blackout wouldn't remember what I did
what I said which is
scary and and it's also hard to explain
that type of drinking to someone because
people who haven't experienced it or
dealt with it personally like you
addiction is such a
a topic that
Soso taboo because it's because people
would just tell me Well Lucy don't drink
oh thank you oh
okay
thank you so much I'll try that thanks
but now it is that now it's like okay I
just don't pick up the first drink and
I'm fine because what would happen for
me is I'd pick up the first drink I'd
like the feeling I'd have another drink
I'd really like the feeling and then it
was past drink too don't remember
I wouldn't remember the rest of the
night
um through what period of your life was
this sorry
since you were young I've had an issue I
from my very first experience drinking
which was like age 14. hmm up until a
year ago I have had a problem I've never
had a a period of my life where I was a
normal moderate Drinker it was always
let's go let's let's just
I was willing to just go to this crazy
dark place every time
and you know of course I tried trying to
be a moderate Drinker just having to my
I have an allergy to alcohol I cannot
drink I view it as an allergy to alcohol
my brain doesn't
work the same way as someone who can
just have a glass of wine it always
wants more it's like craving that that
feeling my best friend has just actually
finished a documentary on this subject
matter he was my best friend but also my
business partner for many years and the
the point where he realized he had a
problem we kind of
had a bit of a face to face because he
had done so much damage and there was
one particular instance where he did so
much damage to himself our company our
team members that we we met on a Sunday
and we we basically it was that kind of
ultimatum moment which is you're gonna
have to leave
yeah you know and yeah you can do a lot
of damage right when you're when you
have that relationship with alcohol and
you have an addiction to alcohol and it
brings out that side of you did you ever
have moments like that where people
close to you said
many times and I
but it's one of those things I I
remember the point in my life where I'm
like
I woke up
a morning after drinking and it was when
I wanted to keep drinking
I was like oh my reaction to alcohol is
different than my friends like this is
different and I've known I had a problem
this whole time I was there was never a
moment where
I thought it was normal there have been
moments where I didn't want to change
because I'm like I'm not giving this up
are you kidding me like who would I be
if I can't have fun and let loose and
drink
but I had many times my manager of 19
years
who is an angel truly an Earth Angel
I believe has saved my life at times
like this woman has been there for me
she's had hard conversations with me
I've had friends who've tough loved me
but I've had friends who say we can't
until you do x y and z
I've always been shown love and support
but the thing about
addiction or just life in general like
you gotta want something for yourself
like I had so many
things happen where you would have
thought I would change I've had I tried
to change for boyfriends I tried to
change for my mom I tried to change for
my career I tried to change for vain
Reasons I'm like well I'll look younger
and be skinnier I'll stop drinking for
that none of that [__] works I had to
and wanted to get sober January 2nd 2022
because I said I deserve more I deserve
more out of this life
I have to try it a different way and I
have to be willing
to just commit to it
you know because binge drinking I would
be sober for three months then relapse
be sober for a week relapse and I never
the really crazy thing is I never let it
get in the way of my job because my
career has always been so important
but
when I'd go home at night
it would just be like so dark and I'd be
so in my head about it but
I it would be so dark I was thinking
then because my business partner
described it as he there was a pain he
was trying to escape which we just never
realized he had a pain in his in his
life in his mind I would find him
downstairs through him in the morning in
the laundry room with the lights off
drinking I thought just he just loves
alcohol right that's what people think
or like oh you like to party yeah
exactly but but I came to learn that
there was a pain he was escaping that he
hadn't addressed yes is that the same in
your situation where there was an
unaddressed pain or issue that you think
you were using alcohol as a Escape
mechanism for yes definitely I mean
alcohol isn't the problem the problem is
this feeling inside of me alcohol was
the solution you know for a while it was
my solution I'm like oh I don't have to
think about being good enough or or
whatever the problem was like it worked
for a really long time until it just
left me feeling depressed anxious lonely
just worthless but there is a big
misconception about
people who
struggle in this way is that oh they're
weak they just can't not do it or they
like to party or
they just like booze it's so much more
than that and
um yeah for me it was definitely old
stuff old feelings pain I I do think
that like I said I would have struggled
with this no matter what I did for a
living but I think
finding success at an early age and the
people pleasing and and and trying to be
what people wanted me to be made me feel
like a fraud right because like now I
can show up exactly who I am and share
my story and to actually be able to talk
about this
is so freeing because it doesn't
it's not like I'm it's chaining me down
anymore like it it takes the power away
from it like I can be Lucy which is not
always cute at times you know like it's
dark and disgusting and scary and that's
what makes us all complex amazing
beautiful human beings is we've all got
this Shadow Self
and were you happy in that chapter
that's 16 to 19 chapter
was I'm like um I'm getting a big
paycheck I'm happy I'm
no like that's not real happiness you
know you
I had told myself the lies of
you're happy or I felt guilty for not
being happy because how could I not be
happy I have x y and nobody wants to
hear about someone in my position being
unhappy right like let's just be real
nobody wants to really hear about that
but
at the end of the day I've had to allow
and I believed that too I ran with that
Lucy you don't deserve to be unhappy how
dare you feel these things but now I
know I'm a human being
and
Everything's Relative and I
it's okay for me to have these very
human experiences
and I found the people in my life that I
can talk to about it and
um was I happy I had moments of being
very happy
um but not like this not like this um
wherever I'm at in life right now it
feels peaceful
which I used to call boredom I have
moments where I'm bored I'm like ooh
what kind of fire can I start today but
then I I ran that back in
you know I never really usually pick the
chocolate flavored heels my favorite are
the banana flavor I love The Salted
Caramel flavor but recently I think I in
part blame Jack in my team who's
obsessed with the chocolate flavor heals
I've started drinking the chocolate
flavor heels for the first time and I
absolutely love them my life means that
I sometimes disregard my diet and it's
funny that's part of the reason why I've
had a lot of guests on this podcast
recently that talk about diet and health
and those kinds of things because I am
trying to make an active effort to be
more healthy to lose a little bit of
weight as well but to be more healthy
and the role that he all plays in my
life is it means that in those moments
where sometimes I might reach for
you know junk Foods
having an option that is nutritionally
complete that is high in fiber that is
incredibly high in protein that has all
the vitamins and minerals that my body
needs within Arm's Reach that I can
consume on the go is where he always
been a game changer for me quick word
from one of our sponsors I've got a tip
for all of you that will make your
virtual meeting experiences I think 10
times better as some of you may know by
now Blue Jeans by Verizon offers
seamless high quality video conferencing
but the reason why I use blue jeans
versus other video conferencing tools is
because of immersion their tools make
you feel more connected to the employees
or customers you're trying to engage
with and now they're launching one of
their biggest feature enhancements to
impact virtual events so far called Blue
Jean Studio I actually used it the other
day I did a virtual event using the
studio which I think about 700 of you
came to TV level production quality all
done by one person with very little
technical experience on a laptop so if
you've got an event coming up and you're
thinking about doing it virtually check
out blue jean studio now let me know
what you think because I genuinely
believe I know this is an advert and I'm
supposed to say this but I genuinely
believe it's the best tool I've seen for
doing really immersive simple but high
quality production virtual events Pretty
Little Liars yeah 20 years old yeah you
were doing another show right called
privileged yes privileged yeah and they
canceled that show
and that led to you being cast for
pretty little lies yeah which is pretty
amazing because the universe is yeah
yeah rejection can lead to redirection
that is there's a really cool story
there so I did this show called
privileged they canceled it I was
devastated
and the same producers said hey we have
this script
it's based off of a book we think you'd
be great for it and they said it's
called Pretty Little Liars and I'm like
ah I was such a huge fan of those books
I read the script
and it was the first time I had ever
been offered something
and so we get this offer but at the same
time so at this point it's just a pilot
and no one knew
what the success of it would be but at
the same time I got that offer I got the
offer for something else which was like
a really
I don't remember what it was called but
it was a really
shitty TV movie that I don't even think
did it get made yes it did get made
and I at one point was thinking I want
to take this movie because there was a
really cute guy attached to it you can
see where that's where my head was at
was let's choose a part because of a
cute guy
and then it was almost overnight where I
just woke up the next morning and said
you know what no because I would have
had to choose between the two
that I think I should choose to show
well thank God
thank God but but it is such a great
example of how one door closes another
one opens nothing is by coincidence in
this life I firmly believe that I think
that everything
happens exactly how it should
and like having an open mind and seeing
the lesson and everything
[Music]
um makes for a happier life too but
yeah it's crazy to think about that time
and now I mean pretty little lies became
in your own words the biggest show in
the world at one point yes I mean I
think
I mean if it's one two or three I mean
it's still the outcome is still the same
that your life
irrevocably changes
from that moment onwards
um
for better and For Worse one might
guess
I think
if you tell me why on both ends of that
yeah okay
I mean I
it was a dream job like I could
I I now had the success I had wanted and
the notoriety I felt valued and
appreciated and uh
um on a super in a superficial way for
bits and moments there were times when I
thought my ACT there were times when I
didn't feel like I was being utilized in
the right way I'm like I have so much
more to offer please let me you know
there are other characters in the show
that I wanted I wanted to be doing the
things they were doing but there were
times when I I felt like I could really
show
off my talents I guess
um I mean it it was the launching pad
for my whole career and and it's taken a
while outside of that show to get people
to see me in a different light and I
knew that when you're a part of
something that's that big people are
seeing you every week like people still
call me Arya on the street you know I
knew that it was going to be strategic
moves for years to get people to see me
in a different way and I feel like I'm
at this point now where people are
giving me those opportunities but I've
worked really hard for that I have taken
a bunch of different types of roles and
different types of characters post that
to get to like show to show myself but
also to show everyone like I'm not a
one-trick pony and I want to be doing
this and if I'm uh lucky enough to get
to do I hope I can do this the rest of
my life but um
it it helps me hone my craft
I
the fact that that show went for that
long is almost unheard of
like that just doesn't happen anymore
and I always laughed because there was a
couple people on the show where it was
their first job ever or their first
audition ever and the show went for that
long I'm like this is not normal by the
way but it but
it also posts that show because I've had
some
I don't want to view anything as a
failure but I've had things that were
maybe
viewed as failures post that and it kind
of
which I'm also grateful for because it
it gave me perspective of
you know life is full of ups and downs
and it will always be that way no matter
where I'm at in my career like people
aren't always going to like me or like
my work
every job I do is not going to be the
one that changes my life
um and I've also realized like that's
not where my happiness comes from
anymore my happiness is not going to
come from
I love what I do and I find so much joy
in it and I love creating and I love
acting in a really new cool way the last
couple of years but
it's always going to be a roller coaster
when we have those successes in life
when when the dream we have is realized
we I think before that we have an
assumption that it'll fix a bunch of
stuff right so that's we aim for it we
strive for it we get there and then in
some way it fails it makes you feel
worse yeah yeah so what didn't it fixed
everything everything it fixed literally
nothing if anything like there were more
problems it like expedited the all of it
right because my life was under a
microscope and
um I mean it definitely cranked up those
dials to 10 when it came to my
body dysmorphia myself my self-worth was
at an all-time low
um
I just didn't have the tools to how does
anyone navigate that experience I don't
know how you navigate that in a healthy
way
um and I look back now and I'm like okay
I guess I handled it in the best way I
knew how like I don't look back and
shame myself over it all it's kind of
just like
I was a kid and I was struggling but I
was struggling publicly but no one knew
about it so that was almost harder
because I was like dealing with all
these big things
but I never wanted to talk about it
because I was so ashamed
and now I'm now I'm not ashamed of it
which is why I can talk about it but did
you talk about it to anybody behind the
scenes what you were struggling with no
it was pretty it was pretty private
because I didn't want to be different I
wanted to blend in and if I talked about
having issues that made me a Target
I think people maybe knew of struggling
was there a Darkest Day a Darkest Day or
a patch where
you know I'm like where do where do we
begin uh interesting
um
I had many many what I thought were my
emotional Rock bottoms dozens
and so that was why it was so hard is
because I'm like Oh I thought we went to
the depths of hell like how do we
possibly how could it be worse and and
from the outside that was was crazy no
one would have known so it was like I
was everything externally didn't match
what was happening internally so then I
just felt like a fraud I was like this
isn't adding up and it's not real and
it's not right
I want things to match up in
look the same I just felt like totally
undeserving of everything that was
happening
a Darkest Day
yeah I mean I had many
but I'd always pull myself out of it
like if I have one thing I'm resilient
like I don't really give myself a lot of
that's not true I do positive
affirmations for myself all day these
days but but I know that my resilience
is what's
slingshotted me the other way did you
ever think about quitting
acting but during that period of between
16 and 28 when you left oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah I seriously well not maybe not
seriously because I didn't know what
else I was good at I didn't think I was
interesting I didn't think I was smart I
didn't like all of these things
I actually was like what would I do
um and so I I at times had the thought
could I do something else could I go
home after this
um but I never packed my bags or made a
call to someone and told them but but
but there were times in my
20s where I was just thinking is this
what I want to do but but then it became
about
it wasn't because I disliked acting I
loved it and I and I always knew I was
good at it but it was just how do I
manage my emotions and do what I love I
was like I don't know how to do that now
I know how to I mean I still have bad
days but I know how to handle it better
it's hard it's hard I I don't know it's
it's a constant
you know starting a new job
I really have to make sure I have my
plan in place for what helps me feel
safe
do you have a plunder if you would have
been overall happier for the last 33
years had you not been an actress
I think about that all the time what do
you think the answer is no you think you
would have been happier no I I mean
maybe
I would have had longer periods of
happiness but I do believe that where
I'm at now what I've gone through to get
the happiness I have now like this is
where I'm supposed to be and this is how
I'm supposed to feel
and I don't think I would have gotten
through that without the job I have or
the things I've been through
I know it sounds grateful to say I'm
happy that I struggled with addiction or
whatever it is but I am I I just think
that
in order for me to
feel whole and survive is to be creative
and I I actually
crave creating and and and acting and I
and I was there have been moments in my
life where I was scared that oh my God
I'm gonna have to keep doing this and
not know if I love it
and it was I did this show and the
moment where it all like happened for me
was the show I did called Katie Keane
short-lived another short-lived CW
Series I did I've had three
shows on CW that only went one season
it's kind of a running joke no
anyway whatever
Katie Keane New York it was the show
that made me fall in love with acting
because I
I don't I and I don't even know what
happened I mean it was a great show
great people so much fun living in New
York
but
maybe I stepped into my confidence more
I don't know I just feel grateful that I
can say oh God I like what I do because
that would be a bummer to like do all
these things and then say
and I could and that's the reality like
today I could say you know what I don't
want to act anymore and I know that
that's an option and is and I know that
I'm lucky to know that I have options
like I have perspective on that too
but I also feel lucky that I do want to
wake up and say
I want to go I want to go act today I
want to go work with these people and
collaborate
um did you have a life throughout that
that pretty little liar was there a life
outside of the show was there no
relationships and oh yeah socializing
and tons of failed relationships no I uh
yeah I had a social life
uh it was a lot of work we were doing
that nine months out of the year for
eight years but but yeah I I dated and
and it traveled and failed relationships
yeah oh yeah
yeah
I uh why did they fail I think
well some of them we were just young and
they're not supposed to work out but I
do think
I you know and I'm very careful to not
talk poorly about
people ever
[Music]
um
and I do also realize my part of the
equation I'm not I've never point the
fingers and say this person like I fully
realize why some of those crash and
burned because it was
you know hurt people hurt people that's
like a classic thing uh I just think I
was maybe attracting people that were a
perfect storm for my
new self-wife low self-worth chaos like
I was attracting
uh either people that had similar issues
as me and so it felt comfortable or it
felt like oh I can focus on
this issue or your issue and try and fix
them and try and fix them because it
gave me a one-up or you know have you
I'm sure you've read about like love
addiction like love avoidant love
addiction oh yeah like attachment Stars
yeah and I always thought I was a love
addict
because I just wanted people to like me
I wanted this guy to like me and
everything would be fine
but the truth is I actually think I have
fallen more under love avoidant because
when people get too close oop they're
gonna see me They're Gonna Know Who I
Really Am they're gonna leave so I'm
gonna blow this thing up before they
leave me
but I can tend to fall into
love addiction Behavior if they like out
avoid me does that make sense so if
someone is more avoided than I am
anyway so yes failed relationships but
but we the first model of love we learn
is our our parents no I totally get it I
I grew up thinking love wasn't safe or
safe thing or I thought it was prison
yeah or if love is this I don't want
that are you kidding me so I never
really had a model of what
a relationship should be
and and I
maybe because my parents got divorced
and I spent more time with my mom that I
was drawing in more people who were
similar to my dad you know there's that
element where are you now with my with
my dad with you with my relationship
yeah with on that journey of like
understanding love and how to form an
attachment with someone in a healthy way
yeah with the right person
I think
the only if I you know I'm single now
but the in order for me to want to be in
a relationship
it goes back to like meeting me where
I'm at and what by that I mean like I oh
I think that the type of relationship
I'm seeking out is with another person
who is whole and doesn't need me and
doesn't need this relationship to give
them an identity
um and I think that that is
where people thrive is when people have
really gone Inward and know their
strengths and weaknesses and know what
they have to offer and are willing
to grow and heal and evolve and
and I've never had that like I've never
had a relationship that felt
safe or like I could really show up as
myself
um
I do think that you know being sober is
really important to me and like that's
my number one priority because I know
that when I do that everything else is
fine so I'd love to find someone who
has an understanding of that element of
my life too I mean I'm so open to it and
ready but I also am not desperate for it
like I'm not needing because I like many
people used men and relationships to
fill a void like it's easy to get
addicted to people too and that's
actually the easiest it's like oh I have
a really cool new boyfriend like I can
focus on this for a year and not focus
on what I should be focusing on
um and now I just
yeah I just feel open and
whatever
is coming my way I'm ready for it I
really believe that
um life after Pretty Little Liars yeah
you referenced this earlier I I can't
imagine the situation where something is
everything it's nine months a year
working when you're not working you're
doing interviews about the thing
everyone stops you everywhere you go to
talk about it it's it's all consuming
and then
it ends yeah it was
weird it was weird and bizarre and scary
because that level of notoriety and fame
success whatever you want to call it
that is not really sustainable and will
I ever reach that again in my career
maybe who knows I don't know but if I
don't it's okay but because it was here
for so long for most of my 20s and then
when the show stopped and
things did shift like
I wasn't getting certain calls like I
wasn't being invited to certain things
people move on quickly right like people
just love content like they will move on
to a new show and and it was so scary to
be like where where do I forget fit in
do will people remember me and it's like
chasing this
high of whatever that experience was and
then I came to realize like that's so
exhausting like I feel like I'm okay now
if I were to just do jobs under the
radar for the rest of my life you know I
like I said I mentioned earlier like
having a couple of failed experiences
post Pretty Little Liars like really
gave me
kind of grounded me in
in a cool way I feel like I needed that
um was it you described it as a dark
time that the post PLL pretty little
lies yeah um phase of your life yeah and
that's because you've got like
I guess maybe you've got a I'm assuming
here but you've got to re-find out who
you are again outside of the show
it was that it was like
am I going to work again you know I
think we not we are I've had some
conversations with people in this a
similar position where
I wanted to work but you didn't because
people only want to see you as that one
thing and I
I'm also grateful for that period
because then that was when I got to
discover who I am outside of that who am
I outside of my job who are you
who I can say
that I
I've always wanted to
lead authentically and to show up
however I am at any given moment
whatever that looks like and I have not
been able to do that until recently I
feel like I am confident in what I have
to offer I'm comfortable with who I am
I'm a good friend I'm loyal
I'm honest to a fault
if you're in my circle have your back no
matter the situation I talk about the
hard [__] I lead with my heart
I Believe In Justice more than anything
even if it's like I see someone cutting
someone in line like that's not right
I'm passionate as hell
and I do believe my intentions with
people are good and at the end of the
day I can sleep at night really well
because I like who I am
and it's just as simple as that I like
my choices
but as you say that's been a journey
right
yeah yeah you used the word earlier use
the word compassion to describe
you know you talk about that like
in a child work that you've done yeah
um
how do you feel about that person that
you that went through that Journey what
would you say to that person if they
were sat on a chair they were on a third
chair on this table yeah what would you
try and I uh I've actually done that
exercise where you write a letter to
your younger self
and um
I feel I feel so badly now that I
shunned her and like didn't I'm gonna
talk about myself
as a her and me this is me younger me is
her
I didn't give her a chance to speak up
like whereas now I'm like what was
hurting you so bad that you needed to do
that like I kind of give her the stage
to talk about her feelings
and I really truly believe that I was
handling it in the best way I knew how
at the time now I would handle it
differently because I have the tools I
have this like spiritual emotional tool
belt that if I'm feeling sad or whatever
I'm like okay we'll do this
but I didn't know I didn't know any
better and I was doing the best I could
and I am proud of
that
of my younger self because we went
through a lot like more things than I
could ever possibly say in a podcast and
so many people don't even know about
that part of me but it was
hard and dark and maybe I shouldn't have
even gotten out of it and I did and
that's so cool and I feel Brave and
courageous and
and I know that I went through those
things to talk about it why else do you
go through [__] like you're you're
supposed to share your experiences
because it will reach someone
and um
I just compassion is the perfect word
for my younger self
when we I'm talking in hindsight we
often create the impression that
and I do this a lot that everything is
great now and that's just like not the
nature of life right life continues to
be a roller coaster
um what are the things now that you're
still you still work on oh boy I'm so
emotionally impulsive and responsive
like because I'm so
I guess the word is passionate but I
I really sometimes it's hard for me to
see all sides of the coin and like see
someone else's perspective I and I work
on that a lot
I
I don't have
all the patients in the world
but I I struggle with what people think
of me a lot I struggle with
what am I doing why are you here what
are you talking about like those that
that inner critic is loud sometimes
um
it's it's really what have you done in
terms of you know you struggle with what
people think about you sometimes you've
got like
shitloads of followers
you know you've got a lot of people that
are giving their opinion on you at all
times
[Music]
what have you done in terms of practical
steps to protect yourself
um well I've read somewhere that you
went you did like a rehab like a digital
rehab at some point in your life I mean
I do my own version of digital detoxing
which is simply it's not the first thing
I look at in the morning I don't grab
from my phone and I turn my phone on do
not disturb at like seven and I don't
look at it until the morning unless it's
to text Kate over there
um but I were you addicted to your phone
I'm still addicted
it's nuts I'm like yeah I can go without
getting Wi-Fi on this two hour flight
cut to me putting in my credit card info
it's so and it's this need it's not
to to know what people are thinking of
me but I am addicted to being available
all the time and that and I feel we're
all guilty of that like just being glued
to this phone and
texting back immediately or I don't feel
the pressure to
like socially like on social media I
don't feel that pressure to need to
always be present anymore
um a lot of times in my career I have
felt like it's expected in that
can feel a little draining Because
unless something feels authentic I don't
want to do it like I don't want to have
to do it I feel like I'm at this point
now in my career where I don't need to
so I kind of just do what I want which
is nice and freeing
um but I do think it's important to
disconnect and that looks different for
everyone
um
30s I'm in my 30s as well
congratulations thank you yeah it's nice
isn't it it's nice it's really nice yeah
20s is always well for me it was a bit
of a mess uh so trying to figure
yourself out and you know dealing with
all these emotions and trying to
whatever but um
in this next chapter of your life
what are you manifesting for Lucy
I mean here's something I've been
working on recently because I am truly a
believer in creating the life you want I
believe our thoughts are powerful our
thoughts create everything but I think
where I've gotten stuck or in trouble or
where a lot of people might be stuck is
that we you know we manifest a person a
job whatever but then we hold on to
tightly of to the expectation of what
that is
um so it's like now I'm at this point
where I want to
manifest specific things but be okay if
it doesn't work out exactly how I think
and kind of looking at it as being kind
of neutral with life it's just like
living freely like going with the flow I
don't typically go with the flow I'm not
a go with the flow kind of gal
um but I you know my priorities are a
little different now like I do want a
family I think recently I'm I decided I
do want kids
I have two lovely dogs my goal now I
want to farm with goats and chickens and
so many dogs
and I just want to keep
you know I can say so many things about
my career and if I'm lucky enough to
work and create and do all the roles I
want to do like that's freaking amazing
but mainly I love
discovering more about myself and why I
am the way I am and why people are the
way they are like I think this whole
journey of self-discovery and
self-healing is one that's constant
there is no end goal
and I'm just going to keep it's a
marathon not a Sprint so I just want to
keep
on this really beautiful path
then I'm on
you proud of yourself yeah
yeah
and it's not
for the reasons you might think I mean
if I'm proud of
my work ethic and and the things I've
accomplished but I'm proud that I've
faced
what I thought were my worst fears
about myself I am proud
of how I show up every day I'm proud of
how we treat people I'm proud of having
this conversation with you I just knew I
was like okay well I'm not gonna have
any expectations about what this is
going to be I'm just going to follow his
lead and you
present such a safe space and I'm
grateful that you allowed me to
be myself
I'm going to ask you a really
interesting question I don't think I've
ever not gonna cry again what is wrong
with me okay go ahead
okay
why does that make you emotional
because I don't really I I feel like I
I think it's because I am proud of
myself I think it's because I don't
always have these conversations or I
haven't always shown up
how I want to show up
I cry because
this is just who I am today I'm a weepy
emotional version of myself and
you spend a lot of time acting right
yeah literally yeah
it's so I've come to learn so much from
doing this this um this show about the
negative effect of prolonged periods of
living outside of yourself and what I
mean by that is like the authenticity
like the the damage that does to one of
escaping yourself for whatever reason
whether it's for success or work or
whether it's trying to escape some
trauma or some some other thing that's
living deep with inside of you but
either way the attempt to escape
yourself through creating an identity or
alcohol or whatever it always seems to
just be such an unsustainable it's not
painful process that causes more harm
and even more reason to escape yourself
paradoxically exactly
um
and that's really transparent in your
story because if for many reasons
obviously but but also because of your
you know
that's the job the job is to be
you know uh someone else yeah yeah quite
literally yeah but you know also no
wonder I got into my line of work
because oh I don't have to figure out
who I am I can do all these things and
be all these people people want me to be
that's why I got away with it so long
and then I was like oh The Jig Is up we
gotta discover who I am it's gonna be
hard and scary
but
yeah
we have a closing tradition on this
podcast where the last guest asks a
question for the next guest
do you speak to yourself
the way you speak to those that you love
that's a really beautiful question
um
I'd say about half of the time now I do
I really feel like I show up for my
friends
and I'm a words of affirmation gal like
I always let people know I'm grateful
for them and I'm just like a lover you
know like I want people in my life to
know I love them and I
but I can also have like a venomous
tongue sometimes like I'm not to
yourself to others some it's like I can
emotionally respond to people in an
unkind way but I always
hold myself accountable so to answer
that question I can be very kind and at
times unkind to the people I love the
most and it's similar to myself the the
cruel inner critic self-critic
I
I I only do to myself and you know I'm
still finding ways to quiet that voice
but I have made it a habit to say nice
things about myself and
and it feels silly sometimes and a
little like not egotistical but like
saying kind affirmations to yourself
feels really
bizarre at the beginning because we
almost think it's unhumble or does that
make sense like uh but I
yeah I take time out of my day to be say
cool things to myself kind things to
myself as well but
um but I'm still working on the voice
that's
not so nice
speaking of kind things um
also never asked anybody this question
before but um seems quite relevant in
your story because I was just reflecting
on that story you told about your mother
appending her life to come to LA with
her her teenage daughter to pursue her
her dreams when you when you look back
on the journey you've you've had so far
what who if there were like you know a
couple of people that
you you wanted to say thank you to even
though thank you would never really be
enough
to explain the Gratitude you have for
them who are those individuals you can
include yourself if that's relevant at
all
um
I mean
definitely my mom but I tell her this
all the time thank you uh my manager who
I also tell all the time
thank you
she
my I would not be where I am personally
or professionally without her and she's
gone well beyond being a manager she has
been the most humankind patient gracious
selfless woman to me when she didn't
have to be
um
it's hard for me to choose this because
I'm such a I tell people all the time
because that's how I receive love is
like I want to hear it so I always make
it a point to tell people I've I've been
so lucky along the way of having people
that have been very good to me but
um
there's one
woman in particular who
is still a friend but her name is Joanna
Garcia she's an actress and she was
number one on the call she lead of the
show privileged I did on the CW and I
remember
how she so num so for people that don't
know number one on the call sheet is
kind of It kind of goes in from biggest
role like lead to
there are no small parts but you know
what I'm saying she was the lead of the
show and she treated everyone with such
kindness and Grace and
and I remember and she was so good to me
and I was like I want to be like that
that's the kind of number one on a show
I want to be not even more than that
that's the kind of person I want to be
she knew everyone's name
and
and she had such an impact on me and I
don't know if I've ever
actually told her that
that she is still someone I think about
it's almost like what would Joanna do I
could still I could wear the what would
Jesus do bracelet what would I want to
do
uh
and it's people like that I've been
really fortunate with the people I've
worked with in my life that have
inspired me so thanks Joanna leaping
back to the start of this conversation
um it was really startling to me that
you hadn't had many conversations
like this before it like really baffled
me it's actually the thing I was saying
before you arrived because I go on
YouTube I go on whatever and I'm so
superficial I'm so tired of talking
about my beauty routine I could just die
like I can't do it anymore but it was it
was so like I was literally over there
watching a video where it was like
when's the first time you had a cup of
coffee do you remember the one and I
mean
also I just
yeah I mean no I don't because they all
kind of blend I mean it was like a
buzzfeed thing where they're asking you
these questions
I just found it so surprising that you'd
never really
never really got to know who who Lucy
was
and I think and I'm grateful no one's
asked a lot of these questions before
because I don't think I was ready I
don't think I knew how to answer them
so
I uh I feel similarly like I feel like
there's so much more to me that
people might realize or that I have to
talk about
um
but I do believe in the timing of life
and I just maybe I wasn't
quite ready to answer those big
questions Lucy thank you so much you're
amazing thank you so much for this thank
you
[Music]
you got to the end of this podcast
whenever someone gets to the end of this
podcast I feel like I owe them a greater
debt of gratitude because that means you
listen to the whole thing and hopefully
that suggests that you enjoyed it if you
are at the end and you enjoyed this
podcast could you do me a little bit of
a favor and hit that subscribe button
that's one of the clearest indicators we
have that this episode was a good
episode and we look at that on all of
the episodes to see which episodes
generated the most subscribers
thank you so much and I'll see you again
next time